Hi guys welcome to this new tutorial.
And here we go.
We are ready to start building our record a new network with tons of flow 2.0 and as usual we start
by defining the moral.
Still with the sequential class because a record Renewal Network is still a sequence of layers and still
not a computational graph.
So again we initialize our aunt and model with the sequential class taken from the caris library through
tensor flow and once again we're going to use the add method to add the different layers one by one
in the first layer we add is the embedding layer so before adding it.
Let me explain what is the embedding layer.
The embedding layer is actually a layer used to create a word vector representation of the words you
know the words in the reviews so that instead of using pre trained word vectors as if you had the reviews
in vectors of words with the padding included Well we're gonna use what we call this embedding layer
to train the word vectors in a large matrix and this large matrix will be a matrix where each row corresponds
to a word.
You know all the 20000 words in r reviews and the columns are actually encoding the word with what we
call a representation of the word in the dataset vocabulary.
So by using this embedding layer we're going to learn those word representations jointly with the weights
in the network itself.
Right.
So this matrix will contain some encoded relationships between the words so that the record Renewal
Network can learn these relationships and predict in the end if a NASA station of word leads to a positive
or negative review.
Right.
So this was just a little recap on how embedding works but make sure to re study this in more details
of this is the first time you hear about embedding because this is quite fundamental when doing natural
language processing.
All right so we start with this emerging layer and so in the add method the layer we're going to add
is called embedding it's going to be an object of the embedding class which represents this embedding
layer itself and to create this well we have to input a couple of arguments.
The first one is the input dimension.
You know before we create this embedding matrix and the input dimension is simply the number of words
because remember in this matrix each row corresponds to each of the 20000 words among all our reviews.
Then the second argument is output dim and you might guess what it is.
It is of course the number of columns that are going to embed each word into this large representation
of words in our embedded matrix.
And so we're going to choose one hundred and twenty eight columns to represent the words you know to
encode the words.
And so well you will get an embedding matrix composed of 128 columns and then to this embedding class
we also have to input the input shape which is of course the shape of extreme right extra and contains
all the input reviews.
After of course the batting was applied and to get that shape of extreme which is expected by the embedding
class.
Well you get it through the shape attribute which is actually a tensor of several informations.
And the shape itself is actually the second element of this tensor meaning of index 1.
All right and that's how you create your end burning layer.
Then after the embedding layer comes the Elysium layer which is what will be used to understand the
relationships between the different elements of a sequence.
And in our case the reviews while the Elysium layer will be used to understand the different relationships
between the words and the reviews and so well to build an Elysium layer.
You have to specify two compulsory elements.
First one is the number of units which are the Elysium themselves inside your Elysium layer.
And we're going to choose 1 128 LACMA cells.
And the second one is the activation function which as we saw in an Elsom layer is most of the time
a hyperbolic tangent which has a parameter is named an H.
And so there you go the way you add your new Elysium there is by using of course add method called from
the moral and then inside you're going to take the Elysium class from the layers from carers from tensor
flow.
And this Elysium class will exactly take the two parameters given here.
One hundred and twenty eight units meaning 128 Elysium cells and and hyperbolic tangent activation function.
Right.
So very easy to add an Elysium layer and then finally well since we have the embedding layer that creates
this representation of words and the Elysium layer that learns the Asian ships between the words Well
we are ready to add the output layer which will contain the final prediction.
And since the final prediction is just a single number you know zero or one where zero means to reduce
negative and one means there is false positive.
Well we'll only have one output neuron which will contain that prediction.
And once again we use the sigmoid activation function in order to get the probabilities of 0 and 1.
You know we'll get the probability that the output is 1 meaning the probability that the review is positive
and that we can get with the sigmoid activation function.
And well you know very well how to add an output layer since it is fully connected to the previous layer.
Well we used to dance class to establish these full connections and the dance classes still taken from
the latest module by carers by tend to flow.
And once again we input the number of neurons in this output layer which as we saw is one and the sigmoid
activation function to get a probabilistic output.
And there you go.
That's it.
That's how you build a record a new network.
And now we're ready for the next step which is to train it by first compiling it with an optimizer and
a loss and a metric and then training it on a certain number of epochs and eventually evaluating it
on the test set.
So I look forward to showing you the final results.
They're really good.
It will be actually hard for you to improve that.
So that's quite a challenge.
But now you start getting a couple of tools to improve the performance of a model.
So let's see what you figure out and I'll see you in the next trial to train and evaluate the model.